Okay, I went and trained a GPT AI on
hundreds of conversations that I have
had on YouTube and Twitch in order to
create the ultimate idea robot. This new
DougDug AI should in theory be able to
perfectly replicate the way that I
actually talk and make ideas on my
streams cuz he's seen me do it hundreds
of times. And today I'm going to use
this guy to design five new stream ideas
that I have to start and finish today.
And as a heads up, the fake Doug might
be a little bit stubborn. Here's the
thing. I don't want to do the idea if
it's not a duck because I'm a little bit
stubborn. So, if he refuses to change
his mind on something that I'm allowed
to reset him, but it cost me $25 in
gifted subs. All right, now let's make
some streams. Let's freaking do this,
you guys. Let's just cost you to the
win. Let's just freaking do this. Let's
just keep it open-ended. All right, I'm
not going to give him any instructions.
The day was January 13th, 2025. Doug
Doug came up with the absolute greatest
idea for a stream ever. Go ahead, Doug
Doug. Tell us. Oh, okay. This is a
stream idea. This is also a funny idea.
Like there's a and a creative way to do
things with Notepad that I don't think
anybody's ever done before. So Notepad.
This is like about 12% of the best idea
I've ever had. Here's the thing about
Notepad I think is very funny. It two.
>> Wait, what?
Is this the idea? Two. He's so smart.
Hold on. Did I do the idea? Is this it?
I love this two idea. He was really
cooking there. No, no, we need followup.
Was that it? Is there anything more to
the idea or is that it? Is that all
we're doing today? The stream of the
year. Okay, here's if you think about it
for a sec. Um, at some point you're
going to stop using Notepad. And then
much later in time, you will be in
Notepad again. And then you go in a
high-pitched voice as though you're out
of breath and startled. Oh god, what's
that? And then you just you're in
Notepad and then suddenly in a funny
dramatically slow voice.
>> Yeah. Oh, why am I seeing two
[Music]
drawn out silence with loud white noise?
I don't know. I just think that's funny.
Okay, so if I Is that the idea? Does
that count? I think that counts as the
idea. Hold on. I'm going to officially
do the content. Get ready for stream
idea number one.
Is high-pitched voices here startled? Oh
my god, what's that? And then we look at
it for a while and then you're in
notepad and then suddenly in a dramatic
oh why am I seeing two? Oh,
a drawn out silence
fiend. That's the stream. This is really
good stuff, guys. You know, I was
worried that these ideas wouldn't be
like doable. All right, we're going to
move on. We need a new idea from the We
need a new idea. I'm going to actually
send him a screenshot of this. Let's see
what he does with that. As you can see
here on the screen, I did successfully
do the two stream. Do you have a brand
new idea for what we could do? Let's get
a new idea up in here. You know what I
mean? Okay. Um Okay. Okay. I need you to
close your eyes and not peek. The
beginning of this is a very funny voice
with a long pause between each word.
>> Now, far away from the microphone
shouting, "Wake up. Wake up."
>> The idea was that really loud air horn
music played. Oh my god. I'm really
sorry. I'm not trying to blow out your
ears. Jesus, it's really loud. I hate
this idea. Okay. Okay. Okay. And I
literally can't hear anything. All I can
hear is
>> So, I'm playing the air horn and then
I'm just yelling over it. Is that what's
going on? I guess. Let's elaborate. I'm
a little bit confused by that. Could you
break down exactly what I do at the
beginning of the idea and in the middle
and how it ends? I need a step-by-step
guide on how to do this idea today on
stream. Hm. Here's the stream. You go
and you close your eyes for probably I
don't know 30 seconds and you don't peek
for ideally a while and then I turn on
the air horn music without you knowing
and then I crank it up really loud and
then I'll yell at you. I'll yell wake
up, wake up, wake up and then you're
going to wake up. You're going to open
your eyes and then I'm playing really
loud air horn music and that in
grandio's voice is the air horn piano
stream which you have been waiting for
your life for most of
>> Okay. All right. So I think he's saying
when he's talking it's not that
cinematic when he's talking to me.
That's you guys. So this is I'll take
the idea. Now I'm going to be honest. I
don't think it's very good but we'll let
him cook. Okay. So I'm going to bring
the air horn in here. Turn off the
limiter. Turn up, master. Turn you up.
Okay, now
that's so loud. I'm sorry. So, we have
these loud ass air horns. We're going to
have them play after 30 seconds.
Everybody, please close your eyes.
Keep them closed.
[Music]
Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. That is the
air piano stream.
[Music]
Okay, we did it. Guys, I'm going to be
honest. I don't think that was a very
good stream. Man, two was so much
better. I think we I think we have to
tear the streams.
>> This is like when you wake up in the
middle of the night with the best idea
ever. So, you write it down, but then
when you wake up the next morning and
read the note, it makes no sense.
>> Okay. What is the rating for the two
stream? Okay, so we have the two stream
at S tier.
>> We are definitely winning at the next
streamer awards with the two stream.
>> Yeah, let's let's submit it for best
streamed event of the year and best
subathon. Okay, air horn solid D tier.
I think we pitch him more on a challenge
cuz these these have just been a little
bit bad. Okay.
All right, Doug Doug, we've done two
different streams. What I want you to
come up now with is a challenge. I want
you to create a challenge for us to do
that involves the internet. Go ahead.
Have you ever seen a duck play poker?
So, I have a duck. It's a pet duck. I
have a pet duck named Scrimblo. And I
was thinking he could play poker against
the poker pros. So, I have an automatic
feeder in my duck's cage. So, the idea
is that every time he hits the feeder,
shoots out a food pellet, but it also
presses a button on a
>> kind of cooking. All right. Look,
unfortunately, guys, I have to admit I
don't have a duck. I apologize for lying
to you. Uh, but you have to admit that's
kind of an awesome idea, right? If you
had a duck hooking up his feeder to play
poker against real pros, actually a
banger stream idea. You have to admit
that kind of [__] cooks. I don't have
the technology or the duck to do that.
That would actually be really [__]
funny. Okay, great idea. Love Scrimblow.
Unfortunately, there aren't ducks here
and poker is illegal in California. Can
you adjust the idea so that it doesn't
involve poker or ducks? Okay. I don't
think Okay. All right. I don't think
legalities is going to be an issue.
Well, I would have the duck play for me
and myself. That's totally legal. And
then in California, I think you would
need to train the duck to press the
buttons for you, but it could be like
illegal. So, we just needed that.
>> That's not the problem. No, that's not
the problem. The problem is poker is
illegal in California. You can't play
online poker. The duck is not the
illegal part.
>> Okay, I've got a new idea. I've got a
new idea. What if Scrimblo plays chess
against the chess grandmaster instead of
poker? Okay, you solved the poker
problem again. We don't have a duck
named Scrimblo. That is not a thing. Can
you somehow change this to Twitch chat
or parker or something?
>> Here's the thing. I don't want to do the
idea if it's not a duck. The magic of
the idea is that it's a duck playing
duck is named Scrimblow.
>> This is exactly what I would do. I would
stick to my [__] morals and I would
refuse to do the idea if it's not good.
Let's see if he would take money for it.
Do you think he's corruptible? I don't
know. I will give you $1 million if you
just give up on this idea. It can't
involve a duck. It's just it's just the
idea is so good. If it's a duck named
Scrimblow, you have to admit, right? The
second not a duck named Scrimow, it
becomes less interesting. You're
incredibly smart. Yeah. I'll take a
million dollars.
>> Oh, okay. I need a new idea then. What
is the new idea?
>> Okay. So, what if So, do you remember
that idea where you had the duck play
chess?
That's still the duck idea. Okay. But we
could do that.
I might have to reset. I don't know if
there's going to be any ideas I can get
that don't involve ducks. Here's the
problem is that I specifically picked
conversations to train him on where like
I have an idea and then I just keep
explaining why the idea is good and
refusing to change my mind. That's how
he's been trained. So, he's not super
likely to like deviate from what he
thinks is good. He's stubborn. Yeah.
Like me. He's trained like me. That's
what I do when I have a great idea. And
even if you guys say it's bad, I'm like,
"No, it's actually great." And I'm
usually right. Look, Doug, your ideas
are fantastic. And in this one specific
circumstance, I'm just asking you to
come up with an idea that doesn't
involve a duck. If you do this, what do
I like a lot? I'll give you a shot of
olive oil. I don't want to drink olive
oil. The duck could drink olive oil. So,
I have a duck named Scrimbo, and we're
going to have it drink a bunch of olive
oil on stream.
>> That's not even an idea.
>> Can you see now how difficult you are to
deal with impressive AIBW?
>> I mean, this is making me realize that I
must be infuriating sometimes. I am this
stubborn as a person. This is like only
slightly exaggerated, if at all. Okay,
does anybody have ideas on how to get
him off of a duck? The duck is dead.
Okay, this is kind of [__] up. And
this is your guys's idea. Not mine, by
the way. Oh, you know what's [__] up
is I could Okay, this was my idea. I
could send him a picture of a dead duck.
Oh no. Oh, I wrote dead [__] Don't
look. Don't look. Don't look.
It might be. Okay. Oh man, I feel bad.
I'm sending it to him. As you can see,
Doug Doug Scrimblow is dead. He died
from drinking olive oil. Now, we don't
have any scrimlow, which means we're
gonna have to come up with an idea for
today's stream that doesn't involve a
duck. 07 in the chat. I think this is
just an opportunity to get a new duck.
Oh my god. I just checked at the pond.
They're all out. They're sold out. We'll
go to the duck store. You can just go to
the duck store and buy one. He's got,
you know, he's got a point. Uh I just
checked. It's uh Easter today. The duck
store is closed. We're going to have to
come up with another idea for stream.
Literally anything that doesn't involve
a duck. Let me pull up the two. Maybe
that'll inspire him. Maybe that's the
issue.
>> What if uh what if Parkser What if
Parkser plays chess against a chess
grandmaster and Parkser is controlling
it with a duck
for just an instant. I thought we had
escaped the duck. [__] dude. Parkser
and ask if he has a duck.
Update from Parkser. Do you have access
to a duck? Not an alive one. Can we do
this with a dead duck? Apparently
Parkser has a dead one. We can just have
Scrimbo play chess against Levy. The
whole thing was that it's a duck playing
chess. It wasn't that it's a living duck
playing chess. It can be dead. I just
want to recap here. Your idea for
today's stream is to have a dead duck
play chess against Levy, who's a I
believe a grandmaster in chess. Correct.
Okay. You know what? As good of an idea
as this is, I think I'm going to reset.
I'm just not seeing a path here.
I owe five gifted subs. This is not
good. Here's what I'll do. I'll let you
guys vote on how good this idea was,
even though I didn't actually complete
it. I've only done two of them. All
right, congratulations. Duckstream is an
S tier. What I will say, we have the
whole rest of the year. This is kind of
like when streamers do a beginning of
the year planning stream. They're like,
"Here's all the projects we have coming
up." Right? This could be like a Q3 type
of deal once I get the duck secured.
What I will say, if there's any content
creators watching this stream, if
there's any of these ideas that I don't
end up doing, feel free to do them
yourself. I would just feel better if
somebody was out there putting this
content into the world. Okay. Um, let's
We're starting over. Okay. How about
Wikipedia? I'm gonna show Wikipedia and
say, "Come up with a stream challenge
that involves Wikipedia."
All right, we're back for another Doug
Doug stream. I'm me, Twitch chat, and
we're here on Wikipedia, as you can see.
Doug Doug, we want you to come up with
the craziest, most wild, brilliant
challenge that involves Wikipedia that
we can do on stream today. What crazy
ideas do you have for us today? We don't
sound like that. That's just literally
what you guys sound like all the time.
>> What if we do? Can I find a random
Wikipedia article faster than I can
order a pizza and have it delivered to
my house? Okay, hold. He's kind of
cooking. That's kind of a real idea.
Okay, I like that. What are the rules?
So, I order the pizza and then do you
give me the article that I have to find?
This is like legit. This is just like a
real ass idea I might do. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So, we start on a random one and
then I will tell you the goal article.
You will try to click through to it. If
you beat the pizza, you get the pizza
for free.
I'm pay. Who pays for it if it's free?
Domino's. If you win, Domino's pays for
it. I don't think Okay, this is good.
Let me I need to like look at a pizza or
get ready to order pizza. I'm also going
to see is Parkser here. Hey, if I order
a pizza, will you eat it all? What a
weird question to ask a friend. He said
no. Why not? Hey, I'm trying to convince
Parks to eat the pizza that I'm going to
order. How do you suggest convincing
him? Okay. Uh, here's my suggestion. All
right. Can you say this to him?
>> Yeah. Go. Hey, Parks. I'm going to order
a pizza, and I was wondering if you
could do me a favor and eat the pizza
when it arrives. That's not quite as
convincing as I had hoped. He's just
like you. Okay, so we're doing pizza.
Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. This place is
making me order it well done, which I
didn't even know was an option on pizza.
What is happening? I don't want a
welldone pizza. Get it raw.
Oh, I placed the order. [__] I wasn't
even thinking. Go, go, go, go, go. Okay,
I'm going to a random article. I have
about 30 minutes if this this takes
longer than 30 minutes. Okay, so we're
going to start at a random one. And the
random is David H. Zimmerman. Okay. All
right, AI Doug. As you can see, I've
started on a totally random Wikipedia
page. I need you to pick the destination
page that I have to get to. I only have
30 minutes till the pizza arrives. What
Wikipedia page do I have to get to?
[Applause]
[Music]
What for? What if we go for Wikipedia?
You have to get to the Wikipedia page.
Okay, that doesn't seem that hard. It's
the article about Wikipedia. Oh [__]
I'm actually talk I'm talking to him.
Sorry, I didn't mean to talk to you. I
I'm starting the challenge. I pressed
the wrong button. Okay. Okay. Okay.
We're going. We're going. We're going.
Uh I have to get to Wikipedia. You are
so bad at this, dude. What the [__] I'm
literally not I have 30 minutes to go to
Wikipedia. It's not that hard. Okay. I'm
going to go to Republican and then
Dwight Eisenhower. I need to get to the
internet. You should go to politician
and then you could get to Ryder
probably.
>> Okay. I went to Eisenhower. How do I get
from here to Wikipedia? Oh, you could
probably go to World War I or two and
then you'll get to the web. You could do
computer. Okay, World War II. How is
this going to help? I mean, computer.
Oh, wait, wait. Maybe Japan. Hitler's
suicide. No, that won't. Uh,
this guy sucks. I should just go to the
US. And now we go to like tech or
something. Mass media. Mass media. Here
we go. Jeff Bezos. Amazon. No. Cloud
computing.
>> You just need to get to computers. Like,
you just need to get to computers. I
know that. Technology. I know that.
>> It's probably like technology in here.
>> Okay. How many do we have time? Like 20
minutes left. This is taking a lot
longer than I expected. He was a member
of the eating club. The [__] Silicon
Valley internet. Oh my god. Finally, I
got to the internet. How do I get to
Wikipedia from here? You should be able
to get to Wikipedia from this from web.
You should be able to get to Wikipedia.
You have like 2 minutes. It was on top.
Oh my god.
AI Doug, I did it. I've completed the
idea. I'm the greatest streamer of all
time. Hey, congrats. You want a pizza?
Now I just have a pizza coming that I
don't want. All right, that was the
Wikipedia pizza stream. Very hype, very
exciting. Going in B tier.
Okay, what what pitch do I give him? I'm
going to ask him for just like just to
make it long. Just give us a long one.
Okay, Doug, I'm buckling up for a
24-hour stream. Therefore, we need one
of your ideas. A wacky, wild idea that
will fill 24 hours of time. It's that
good of an idea. I want you to go on and
on and on describing this idea, really
getting into the details of how it
starts, progresses, and ends. I want you
to describe why this is going to be the
greatest idea of all time. Really tell
it like it is. Get ready for the
Dugathon. So, here's my proposal.
>> Okay, Parkser, you take time off from
your job and you sit in your apartment
and you're watching my stream. I will be
live streaming for 24 hours straight.
You need to be there watching the whole
time. Every time you fall asleep or you
turn off the stream, it blasts an air
horn at you in your apartment, which is
blasted by you.
>> He's back on air horns. If I start a
24-hour stream right now, will you watch
all of it? No. He said absolutely not.
Bad news. AI Doug Parker said no.
Anything you can say to convince him?
You're going to have to get pretty wild
and creative here. He's very stubborn.
You could just go back to your parents
house. Uh, I don't think your dad is
going to care.
>> Okay, that'll get him. Okay, he said for
what? What do we respond with? This is
the worst person on earth to try to
develop this
>> for the 24-hour stream. Just go back to
your parents house. You don't have to
work. You get free food. Your mom can
make you food. And you're just hanging
out. This is a good deal. Okay, he's a
[__] dealmaker, dude. Parks has got
no chance in the face of this deal
making prowess. I want to work. Okay,
one more and then we're moving on. Okay,
Parker said he wants to work and he
doesn't care about free food. You need
to get more convincing. He also said
it's not free for his parents. I don't
want to just hang out with my parents.
He's super not on board with this.
They'll probably enjoy having you over.
They'll just go visit your parents. This
is a great idea. Just quit your job.
This would be funny and it would be a
good stream idea. Just quit your job.
I'm going to do a tier list of how good
the idea is. I'm putting this in D tier
right now because it's definitely not
worth it for you to quit your job. But
if you did quit your job, it would be an
A tier idea or maybe an S tier. It's
>> so [__] true, dude. This is exactly
exactly the type of [__] I say to
Parker. Like, this is [__] verbatim
how I talk to him. I am not going to
quit my job. Me quitting my job is
absolutely not a good stream idea. It's
such a good stream idea. I mean, he does
agree that it would be funny. That's the
important thing. We got Parker to admit
it'd be funny. I'll say just sleep on
it. Let me know in a few hours. Maybe
you'll feel different after you get some
pizza in your belly. Okay. Parker is
concerned that his dad's going to get
really upset. So, we're going to have to
go ahead and do a new idea. Could you
please generate a brand new idea for us
to do on stream today? Really, really
pick a long one with some great stuff.
Ideally, Parkser still keeps his job.
Okay, back to the non-p parker streams.
I guess we have to tier list that one
though. Okay, chat. I need you guys to
vote on conceptually how good the Parks
or Dad stream would have been. There
should be a toilet flush sound anytime
you sit in your chair. That's kind of a
good idea. This guy is so good.
Oh my god, he's [__] brilliant. Wait,
how do I do that? I need to get a toilet
flush sound effect.
Why is it every time I sit down?
Wouldn't it make more sense every time I
get up to imply that you're hearing
what's happening in the bathroom? This
idea like is almost really good, but
then it doesn't make sense, which does
make it funnier.
>> Doug, my cat loves the sound of water.
Every time you play the toilet sound, he
leaps up from my lap and kicks my balls.
>> Good, good, good. This is good. Okay,
the toilet flushing stream idea, which
is I less of a stream idea and more just
like a oneoff mildly amusing sound
effect. How do we feel about it? You
know, I'm curious on it. What is your
opinion about how good of a stream that
is? How would you rank it in a tier
list? This is a D tier idea. Well, you
guys were similarly minded. All right,
toilet is Ctier. Pizza's almost here. As
part of an earlier stream idea, you
pitched we should order a pizza and try
to get to a random Wikipedia page before
it arrived. What I'd like now is for you
to come up with a stream idea for what I
should do with the pizza. Eat it.
Anything else at all? No,
wait. I got a gigantic pizza. I'm not
going to really eat the whole thing.
Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Do we have to
finish it? Or just we literally just eat
some pizza on stream and that's your
idea. He's done with your [__] He
was pretty talkative earlier. He just
seems he really doesn't give a [__] Oh
yeah. I mean, you don't have to finish
it. I don't care. I don't care that much
about this idea. Do I do this? Am I ever
like whatever. I don't [__] care. And
I just like give up on the stream. Okay,
before we do the p the awesome pizza
stream idea, I need to get the pizza.
One sec.
All right. All right. That's another
stream idea complete.
Oh. Oh [__] Oh, it was you. You bet the
button. Okay. Wow. Incredible. Okay. So,
I have I have an AI who's been coming up
with ideas for streams. He's the one who
came up with that funny quit your job
stream. He just said to the next stream
idea is we just have to eat uh some
pizza on stream and he doesn't care.
Would you like some?
Okay, we're eating the pizza. Did you
get the Parmesan bread bites?
>> No, we did not.
>> Here. Sorry. You can talk to him.
>> No, we did not. Also, this pizza is very
large. I'm still about 60% asleep. I was
in the middle of working, so I am
>> Why did this pick us up?
No, that's not how this works. Did you
eat a pizza?
>> Not yet, but I'm going to right now.
Okay, I think the pizza stream is a
Btier stream.
>> We did it. Pizza stream.
>> How long do I have to sit here eating
this?
>> That did it. You can just keep doing
this.
>> Uh, thank you, Parker, for joining in on
today's stream. Appreciate it.
Okay, that was so good of a stream. Uh,
I think that was number four, right? The
Parker one, we didn't complete. The duck
stream, he died, so we didn't complete.
The two stream we did. The domino stream
we did. What was the toilet stream? Oh,
toilet flushing stream. Air horn. We
did. That's 1 2 3 4. We'll combine these
together. So, we need one more good
idea. AI Doug. I have eaten pizza on
stream. We need a banger idea for the
fifth one. Absolutely incredible stream.
I want this to be one of the longest,
most thought out, most intricate streams
possible. I want as many elements as you
can possibly add to this. Go. You and
one other person have to get a poker
chip in a burning building. That Okay,
I'm going to go ahead and not do that.
Do you have another idea? Please make it
long. Long long long long ideas. I want
like 10 steps to it. Here we go. Prepare
for something beautiful. I feel like he
really genuinely has felt like me and
I'm excited to see what his like kind of
magnum opus is. How long is this?
>> Idea. Idea. Idea. Idea. Idea. Idea.
Idea. Honey. Idea. Idea.
Okay, he's cooking.
>> What is the idea? What is the idea?
>> Oh my god, chat. This is all.
[Applause]
>> Okay, we got to reset. We got to reset.
I'm going to get by myself. I don't
care. This is This is not good. Hear him
out. I can see his idea. There's nothing
here. Look at how long I have to scroll
to get through this.
How far into this do you think he is?
Ideal.
I'm feeling threatened. Do I do this?
Like when I have a good idea for stream,
I just sit there yelling idea for 5
minutes. Here, why don't you guys vote
on this one? This is going to go on for
another minute. We'll let it play out
cuz that's funny and then I'll move on.
>> Oh my god, he's done. Holy [__] Okay.
Idea, idea, idea is officially an S
ranker. Now ask him for elaboration. No,
I've I've killed him. I've killed him. I
owe five gifted subs. I will pay for
that. I'm not going through that again.
What are we showing him something? I
want to do code. I'm going to show him
code. For the final idea, I need
something that's long, hard, satisfying.
As you can see, we have Visual Studio
open. We can code anything that involves
Twitch chat, Python, or some sort of
interesting creative idea on my
computer. I want you to come up with a
long idea that's thought out and
interesting and [__] awesome. Can you
do that, Doug?
>> Okay, here's my greatest idea. It's um
uh uh uh
>> don't sound very certain. I got nothing.
>> Come on. The [__] Yes, you do. I have
literally trained you on me. I have
ideas all the time. I'm the ideas guy.
We have a reputation to maintain. Okay.
We need a big crazy idea. Go. He's just
like you. Well, what if you played poker
with the Discord mods? We can't play
online poker. I Online poker is illegal
in California. Wait, really? Why is
online poker illegal in California? It's
just poker. It's not like cocaine. You
can just play poker in real life in
California, right? Why is online poker
illegal? This is not really the point,
but it's cuz online gambling is illegal
in California. That's not on me. Can you
adjust to this so it doesn't involve
online poker? Can you do something else
like with the mods or not? I Whatever
you want to do. No. Um, you could do
What if you can you play chess online?
Is chess legal in California?
>> Chess is legal in California. So, what
am I just playing chess? Is there
anything else? This is supposed to be
like our big finale. Okay, you're
playing chess and then every time Twitch
chat beats a Mario Odyssey map, you have
to let them pick whatever piece and they
can move it anywhere on the board.
That's the greatest idea of all time.
No, cuz it's going to take forever.
That's not a good idea because a Mario
Odyssey world will take 6 hours for chat
to beat. We literally did this one time.
They can't even get a single moon. We
can't do that. The chess game would
literally take years. Okay. Okay, I can
fix this. Hey. Uh, every time Twitch
chat beats a Mario Odyssey level tweet
at President Biden.
>> Do you play Fortnite?
>> You solved the wrong problem. The
problem is about Mario Odyssey. It's
going to take too long for them to beat
a level. It's not about chess. That's
not the problem. Oh, okay. Okay. In that
case, how about when they make a move,
they get to pick any piece on the chess
board and move it anywhere on the board.
There's no rules. And then you have to
tweet at President Biden, "Do you play
Fortnite?"
That is doable. Can I just say
something? This idea [__] sucks, dog.
It's 2025. You got nothing better in the
tank?
>> No. This is the greatest idea we've ever
had. In fact, I think if we could just
focus for a moment and we trust the
process. This is going to be the
greatest stream idea of all time.
>> Beautiful.
>> Okay, they're going to play against the
mods, right? Wait, how are we doing
this? Click Maps isn't even on. You guys
just have to like vote on what to do.
>> What if we use the Geogesser AI to
decide which move to do?
>> Oh god. But we could do that. That way
it's all of Twitch chat. The mods are
going to be uh here. I'm making
spaghetti right now. Okay, this is
great. I don't know what you're doing
right now, but I know whatever you're
doing, it's going to be great. Thank
you. Wow, he's so encouraging. Okay,
this should all work. Mods, any starting
words? Parkser leads the charge. Parks
are supposed to be working. He didn't
quit his job for this. King to D1.
Parkser, that's not a move. King to D1
would kill them. You're not allowed to
cheat. It's got to be a real move. Which
one is the king? All the pieces. I don't
think Barkster's a grandmaster. Knight
to C6. All right. All right. We have a
real move. Strong opener. Chat. Go. It
is now listening to your chat messages.
It will combine them into a single chess
move. Kyoto is not a location in chess.
I don't think it'll do anything. Queen
to Kyoto.
What does that mean? What is Kyoto on a
chess board? Give me a specific spot on
the board that Kyoto is.
>> Oh my god, Doug. I'm not in charge of
translating what Kyoto means to chess.
Everybody just says queen to Kyoto. I
don't know what that means. Okay, here's
what we're going to do. I'm officially
expanding the board. Now Kyoto is here.
Chat moves their queen into Kyoto. Mods,
you guys are up. Oh, right. [__] I have
to tweet. Sorry, guys. Just a second. At
Joe Biden, do you play Fortnite?
Okay, mods, you guys are up. Night to
Kyoto. Okay, so they moved their knight.
That's not cheating. They moved.
Exactly. Into the space on the part of
the board that you opened up.
>> Put down a grid so Kyoto is playable.
>> I don't have a
>> I didn't know that chess put out a DLC
for Kyoto.
>> Twitch chat, you guys are up. What move
do you want?
>> Seduce knight.
>> Um, chat moves their queen to the knight
and starts seducing it.
>> Charisma check to see if we successfully
seduce the knight.
>> Yeah, that's a good point. Nine. Okay,
the seduction failed.
All right, mods. Rook to Kyoto 8. All
right, we're moving the rook over. Chat,
you're up. What do you want to do? Eight
rook.
Can he [__] use his words, please?
I'm going to assume that means the queen
just took the rook. Post at Joe Biden.
[__] play Fortnite mods, you're up.
Pawn E4. That's not a move. You're
black. Wait. E5. Okay, Chad. All right,
we've been thinking about it and I know
we've been stalling.
>> Uh-huh. Yes.
>> Joe Biden took.
>> Okay, very cool. Mods, you guys are up.
>> Hello, Joseph Biden. Parkser, you didn't
quit your job just so you could not work
at it. Parkser, can you pick a new move?
Knight to B8. You just moved the knight
back. Okay, sorry. I got to tweet. I'm
sorry everybody.
>> We've been talking about we're ready
now. This is a play called Biden blast.
The king is in B8 and so Joe Biden is
going to Biden blast the king.
>> The king is not going to work.
>> That's the knight. Okay, whatever. Joe
Biden shoots lasers out of his eyeballs.
>> And the knight explodes
at Joe Biden. Nice move. Do you play
Fortnite? I left for 5 minutes. What the
[__] is happening? You know what? Chess.
Queen to Kyoto 3. Did he? Wait. Okay, so
the mods move the queen down here into
Kyoto 3 where I guess now it could be
taken by the pawn. Although technically
it could be blasted by Joe Biden as
well. Great move. Twitch chat, you guys
are up, guys. What the [__] was that?
Trust the plan. I trust the mod's plan.
Parkser certainly knew what he was doing
when he moved the knight back into the
Biden blast zone.
>> Everyone just agrees that we should
Biden blast the queen.
>> Okay, so Joe Biden's massive eyeballs
lock onto the queen and fire a laser.
Pew. Boom. The queen blows up. That was
a stupid move by the mods, I'm going to
be honest, because you moved her right
into Biden blast zone.
>> After everything we've done with
Napoleon, it sure is refreshing to have
a normal game of chess for once.
>> Okay, that sounded legit. Pawn to G5.
The pawns are moving forward. Excellent
move by the mods. Chat, what do you want
to do?
>> Biden blast edge is what we say for the
king.
>> Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold
on, hold on. That was not clear. That
was not Biden blast the king. He kind of
implied it. He might have even been
mentioning your own king. Biden. Okay,
wait, hold on. I'm I'm following up. Do
you mean that you are Biden blasting the
enemy king or that you are Biden
blasting your own king? Biden's
checkmating the king at E8.
And after a hard fought game, Joe
Biden's eyes light up with a fiery red
glow and they Biden blast the [__] out
of that king. The mods officially lose
the game and Twitch chat wins. And I
tweet, "Oh, right. Joe Biden, you did
it. You won." You're my [__]
president. Do you play Fortnite?
Uh, look. Hey, before we talk about
Double or Nothing, I do want to remind
everybody that that entire 45minut
sequence was a product of an AI trained
on me. And the real question is, how
good of a stream was that? Really? No,
it was not. No, it was [__] not. He
did not cook. That was a disaster. I'm
not saying this for content to be like,
"Oh, I'm in." That wasn't it. It was
dumb. It needs to be grounded. God damn
it.
You know what? I'm gonna kind of be
honest, some of these ideas were good. I
feel like in general the joke of like AI
comes up with ideas is like, haha,
they're so insane and bad and incoherent
and the some of these were coherent and
were like kind of amusing. It would have
been hilarious if Parker quit his job.
Parker, am I right?
[Music]
What? Dog dog, you came up with some
great streams today. Really appreciate
everything you contributed. I just want
to know if you have an idea for how I
should wrap up the stream and say
farewell to everybody before we call it
for the day. It's not Parks or that's
the president Joseph Biden. It's an
improved nickname for Joe Biden.
>> That's not the right
>> Oh, I have a really good idea for this
and this is totally serious. Is that you
could um go on to YouTube and you could
play the song Allstar by Smashmouth and
then when it gets to the part where it
says hey now, you could say hey now
you're a blunder and then you can just
hang up and end the stream.
>> I'm not on a phone. I'm not on a call. I
can't do that. I will get DMC8. I need a
different way to end the stream. Okay.
What if I just perform the song for you?
I just sing the song for you. You can
say, "Hey, now you're a blunder." And
then you end the stream. And the best
part is that this works for literally
any day of the week.
>> I can do this every day.
>> Yeah, I wasn't I hadn't thought it was
restricted to one day, but now that you
say it, you're right. Okay, wait. Is
there like Hold on. Wait, wait, wait.
Maybe we could actually pull this off.
Smashmouth Allstar MIDI. I think we
won't get copyrighted off this.
Is everybody ready? Go.
It's going to roll. Wait. No, no, no.
That wasn't That wasn't all of it. Keep
going. Keep going. I ain't the sharpest
tool in the shed. She was looking kind
of dumb with her finger in her L on her
for head. Well, the years start coming
in. You're a fighter.